README.md, before:

# Terraform Modules for Palo Alto Networks VM-Series on AWS

## Overview

A set of modules for using **Palo Alto Networks VM-Series firewalls** to provide control and protection
to your applications running in Amazon Web Services (AWS). It deploys VM-Series as virtual machine
instances and it configures aspects such as Transit Gateway connectivity, VPCs, IAM access, Panorama virtual
machine instances, and more.

The design is heavily based on the [AWS Reference Architecture Guide](https://pandocs.tech/fw/110p-prime).

For copyright and license see the LICENSE file.

## Structure

This repository has the following directory structure:

* [modules](./modules): This directory contains several standalone, reusable, production-grade Terraform modules. Each module is individually documented.
* [examples](./examples): This directory shows examples of different ways to combine the modules contained in the
  `modules` directory.

## Compatibility

The compatibility with Terraform is defined individually per each module. In general, expect the earliest compatible
Terraform version to be 0.13.7 across most of the modules.

## Versioning

These modules follow the principles of [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/). You can find each new release,
along with the changelog, on the GitHub [Releases](../../releases) page.

## Getting Help

[Open an issue](../../issues) on Github.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit helps,
and credit will always be given. Please follow our [contributing guide](./docs/contributing.md).

<!-- ## Who maintains these modules?

This repository is maintained by [Palo Alto Networks](https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/).
If you're looking for commercial support or services, send an email to [address not known yet]. -->

Commit message:

docs: include a link to public roadmap in the README, resolves #90 (#113)

README.md, after:

# Terraform Modules for Palo Alto Networks VM-Series on AWS

## Overview

A set of modules for using **Palo Alto Networks VM-Series firewalls** to provide control and protection
to your applications running in Amazon Web Services (AWS). It deploys VM-Series as virtual machine
instances and it configures aspects such as Transit Gateway connectivity, VPCs, IAM access, Panorama virtual
machine instances, and more.

The design is heavily based on the [AWS Reference Architecture Guide](https://pandocs.tech/fw/110p-prime).

For copyright and license see the LICENSE file.

## Structure

This repository has the following directory structure:

* [modules](./modules): This directory contains several standalone, reusable, production-grade Terraform modules. Each module is individually documented.
* [examples](./examples): This directory shows examples of different ways to combine the modules contained in the
  `modules` directory.

## Compatibility

The compatibility with Terraform is defined individually per each module. In general, expect the earliest compatible
Terraform version to be 0.13.7 across most of the modules.

## Roadmap

We are maintaining a [public roadmap](https://github.com/orgs/PaloAltoNetworks/projects/33/views/1) to help users understand when we will release new features, bug fixes and enhancements.

## Versioning

These modules follow the principles of [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/). You can find each new release,
along with the changelog, on the GitHub [Releases](../../releases) page.

## Getting Help

[Open an issue](../../issues) on Github.

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit helps,
and credit will always be given. Please follow our [contributing guide](./docs/contributing.md).

<!-- ## Who maintains these modules?

This repository is maintained by [Palo Alto Networks](https://www.paloaltonetworks.com/).
If you're looking for commercial support or services, send an email to [address not known yet]. -->
