modules/bootstrap/README.md, before:

# bootstrap

This Terraform Module creates a PAN-OS bootstrap package in an AWS S3 bucket to
be used for bootstrapping Palo Alto Networks VM-Series virtual firewall
instances.  A bootstrap package must include an `init-cfg.txt` file that
provides the basic configuration details to configure the VM-Series instance
and register it with its Panorama management console. If this file does not
exist, it will be generated by this module using the variables provided.

The bootstrap package may optionally include a PAN-OS software image,
application and threat signature updates, VM-Series plug-ins, and/or license
files.

## Directory and file structure
The root directory of the Terraform plan calling this module should include a
`files` directory containing a subdirectory structure similar to the one below.

```
files
├── config
├── content
├── license
├── plugins
└── software
```

## Example

```terraform
#
# main.tf
#

provider "aws" {
  region      = var.bootstrap_region
}

module "panos-bootstrap" {
  source = "../../modules/bootstrap"

  hostname           = "my-firewall"
  panorama-server    = "panorama1.example.org"
  panorama-server2   = "panorama2.example.org"
  tplname            = "My Firewall Template"
  dgname             = "My Firewalls"
  vm-auth-key        = "supersecretauthkey"
  plugin-op-commands = "aws-gwlb-inspect:enable"
}
```

## Instructions

1. Define a `main.tf` file that calls the module and provides any required and
optional variables.
2. Define a `variables.tf` file that declares the variables that will be
utilized.
3. (OPTIONAL) Define an `output.tf` file to capture and display the module
return values.
4. Create the directories `files/config`, `files/software`, `files/content`,
`files/license`, and `files/plugins`.
5. (OPTIONAL) Add software images, content updates, plugins, and license files
to their respective subdirectories.
6. (OPTIONAL) Define a `terraform.tfvars` file containing the required
variables and associated values.
7. Initialize the providers and modules with the `terraform init` command.
8. Validate the plan using the `terraform plan` command.
9. Apply the plan using the `terraform apply` command. 

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.15.0, < 2.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.25 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | ~> 3.3.2 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 4.25 |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | ~> 3.3.2 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_iam_instance_profile.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_instance_profile) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy.bootstrap](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_acl.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_acl) | resource |
| [aws_s3_object.bootstrap_dirs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_object) | resource |
| [aws_s3_object.bootstrap_files](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_object) | resource |
| [aws_s3_object.init_cfg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_object) | resource |
| [random_id.bucket_id](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_role) | data source |
| [aws_s3_bucket.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/s3_bucket) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_bootstrap_directories"></a> [bootstrap\_directories](#input\_bootstrap\_directories) | List of subdirectories to be created inside the bucket (whether or not they exist locally inside the `source_root_directory`). A hardcoded pan-os requirement. | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "config/",<br>  "content/",<br>  "software/",<br>  "license/",<br>  "plugins/"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_bucket_name"></a> [bucket\_name](#input\_bucket\_name) | Name of a bucket to reuse or create (depending on `create_bucket` value). In the latter case - if empty, the name will be auto-generated. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_create_bucket"></a> [create\_bucket](#input\_create\_bucket) | If true, a new bucket will be created. When false, name of existing bucket to use has to be provided in `bucket_name` variable. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_iam_role_policy"></a> [create\_iam\_role\_policy](#input\_create\_iam\_role\_policy) | If true, a new IAM role with policy will be created. When false, name of existing IAM role to use has to be provided in `iam_role_name` variable. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_dgname"></a> [dgname](#input\_dgname) | The Panorama device group name. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_dns-primary"></a> [dns-primary](#input\_dns-primary) | The IP address of the primary DNS server. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_dns-secondary"></a> [dns-secondary](#input\_dns-secondary) | The IP address of the secondary DNS server. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_force_destroy"></a> [force\_destroy](#input\_force\_destroy) | Set to false to prevent Terraform from destroying a bucket with unknown objects or locked objects. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_global_tags"></a> [global\_tags](#input\_global\_tags) | Map of arbitrary tags to apply to all resources. | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_hostname"></a> [hostname](#input\_hostname) | The hostname of the VM-series instance. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_instance_profile_name"></a> [iam\_instance\_profile\_name](#input\_iam\_instance\_profile\_name) | Name of the instance profile to create. If empty, name will be auto-generated. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_role_name"></a> [iam\_role\_name](#input\_iam\_role\_name) | Name of a IAM role to reuse or create (depending on `create_iam_role_policy` value). | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_op-command-modes"></a> [op-command-modes](#input\_op-command-modes) | Set jumbo-frame and/or mgmt-interface-swap. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_panorama-server"></a> [panorama-server](#input\_panorama-server) | The FQDN or IP address of the primary Panorama server. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_panorama-server2"></a> [panorama-server2](#input\_panorama-server2) | The FQDN or IP address of the secondary Panorama server. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_plugin-op-commands"></a> [plugin-op-commands](#input\_plugin-op-commands) | Set plugin-op-commands. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_prefix"></a> [prefix](#input\_prefix) | The prefix to use for bucket name, IAM role name, and IAM role policy name. It is allowed to use dash "-" as the last character. | `string` | `"bootstrap-"` | no |
| <a name="input_source_root_directory"></a> [source\_root\_directory](#input\_source\_root\_directory) | The source directory to become the bucket's root directory. If empty uses `files` subdirectory of a Terraform configuration root directory. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_tplname"></a> [tplname](#input\_tplname) | The Panorama template stack name. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_vm-auth-key"></a> [vm-auth-key](#input\_vm-auth-key) | Virtual machine authentication key. | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_bucket_domain_name"></a> [bucket\_domain\_name](#output\_bucket\_domain\_name) | Global domain name of the bucket. |
| <a name="output_bucket_id"></a> [bucket\_id](#output\_bucket\_id) | AWS identifier of the bucket. |
| <a name="output_bucket_name"></a> [bucket\_name](#output\_bucket\_name) | Name of the bucket. |
| <a name="output_bucket_regional_domain_name"></a> [bucket\_regional\_domain\_name](#output\_bucket\_regional\_domain\_name) | Regional domain name of the bucket. |
| <a name="output_iam_role_arn"></a> [iam\_role\_arn](#output\_iam\_role\_arn) | ARN of created or used IAM role |
| <a name="output_iam_role_name"></a> [iam\_role\_name](#output\_iam\_role\_name) | Name of created or used IAM role |
| <a name="output_instance_profile_name"></a> [instance\_profile\_name](#output\_instance\_profile\_name) | Name of created IAM instance profile. |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## References
* [VM-Series Firewall Bootstrap Workflow](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-0/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/vm-series-firewall-bootstrap-workflow.html#id59fe5979-c29d-42aa-8e72-14a2c12855f6)
* [Bootstrap the VM-Series Firewall on AWS](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-0/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall-in-aws.html)
* [Prepare the Bootstrap Package](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-0/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/prepare-the-bootstrap-package.html#id5575318c-1de8-497a-960a-1d7417feefa6)

Commit message:

Add variables dhcp_send_hostname,dhcp_send_client_id,dhcp_accept_server_hostname,dhcp_accept_server_domain and extend tests

modules/bootstrap/README.md, after:

# bootstrap

This Terraform Module creates a PAN-OS bootstrap package in an AWS S3 bucket to
be used for bootstrapping Palo Alto Networks VM-Series virtual firewall
instances.  A bootstrap package must include an `init-cfg.txt` file that
provides the basic configuration details to configure the VM-Series instance
and register it with its Panorama management console. If this file does not
exist, it will be generated by this module using the variables provided.

The bootstrap package may optionally include a PAN-OS software image,
application and threat signature updates, VM-Series plug-ins, and/or license
files.

## Directory and file structure
The root directory of the Terraform plan calling this module should include a
`files` directory containing a subdirectory structure similar to the one below.

```
files
├── config
├── content
├── license
├── plugins
└── software
```

## Example

```terraform
#
# main.tf
#

provider "aws" {
  region      = var.bootstrap_region
}

module "panos-bootstrap" {
  source = "../../modules/bootstrap"

  hostname           = "my-firewall"
  panorama-server    = "panorama1.example.org"
  panorama-server2   = "panorama2.example.org"
  tplname            = "My Firewall Template"
  dgname             = "My Firewalls"
  vm-auth-key        = "supersecretauthkey"
  plugin-op-commands = "aws-gwlb-inspect:enable"
}
```

## Instructions

1. Define a `main.tf` file that calls the module and provides any required and
optional variables.
2. Define a `variables.tf` file that declares the variables that will be
utilized.
3. (OPTIONAL) Define an `output.tf` file to capture and display the module
return values.
4. Create the directories `files/config`, `files/software`, `files/content`,
`files/license`, and `files/plugins`.
5. (OPTIONAL) Add software images, content updates, plugins, and license files
to their respective subdirectories.
6. (OPTIONAL) Define a `terraform.tfvars` file containing the required
variables and associated values.
7. Initialize the providers and modules with the `terraform init` command.
8. Validate the plan using the `terraform plan` command.
9. Apply the plan using the `terraform apply` command. 

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.15.0, < 2.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.25 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | ~> 3.3.2 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 4.25 |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | ~> 3.3.2 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_iam_instance_profile.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_instance_profile) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role_policy.bootstrap](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/iam_role_policy) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket) | resource |
| [aws_s3_bucket_acl.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_bucket_acl) | resource |
| [aws_s3_object.bootstrap_dirs](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_object) | resource |
| [aws_s3_object.bootstrap_files](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_object) | resource |
| [aws_s3_object.init_cfg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/s3_object) | resource |
| [random_id.bucket_id](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) | resource |
| [aws_iam_role.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/iam_role) | data source |
| [aws_s3_bucket.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/s3_bucket) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_bootstrap_directories"></a> [bootstrap\_directories](#input\_bootstrap\_directories) | List of subdirectories to be created inside the bucket (whether or not they exist locally inside the `source_root_directory`). A hardcoded pan-os requirement. | `list(string)` | <pre>[<br>  "config/",<br>  "content/",<br>  "software/",<br>  "license/",<br>  "plugins/"<br>]</pre> | no |
| <a name="input_bucket_name"></a> [bucket\_name](#input\_bucket\_name) | Name of a bucket to reuse or create (depending on `create_bucket` value). In the latter case - if empty, the name will be auto-generated. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_create_bucket"></a> [create\_bucket](#input\_create\_bucket) | If true, a new bucket will be created. When false, name of existing bucket to use has to be provided in `bucket_name` variable. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_create_iam_role_policy"></a> [create\_iam\_role\_policy](#input\_create\_iam\_role\_policy) | If true, a new IAM role with policy will be created. When false, name of existing IAM role to use has to be provided in `iam_role_name` variable. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_dgname"></a> [dgname](#input\_dgname) | The Panorama device group name. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_dhcp_accept_server_domain"></a> [dhcp\_accept\_server\_domain](#input\_dhcp\_accept\_server\_domain) | The DHCP server determines a value of yes or no. If yes, the firewall accepts its DNS server from the DHCP server. | `string` | `"yes"` | no |
| <a name="input_dhcp_accept_server_hostname"></a> [dhcp\_accept\_server\_hostname](#input\_dhcp\_accept\_server\_hostname) | The DHCP server determines a value of yes or no. If yes, the firewall accepts its hostname from the DHCP server. | `string` | `"yes"` | no |
| <a name="input_dhcp_send_client_id"></a> [dhcp\_send\_client\_id](#input\_dhcp\_send\_client\_id) | The DHCP server determines a value of yes or no. If yes, the firewall sends its client ID to the DHCP server. | `string` | `"yes"` | no |
| <a name="input_dhcp_send_hostname"></a> [dhcp\_send\_hostname](#input\_dhcp\_send\_hostname) | The DHCP server determines a value of yes or no. If yes, the firewall sends its hostname to the DHCP server. | `string` | `"yes"` | no |
| <a name="input_dns-primary"></a> [dns-primary](#input\_dns-primary) | The IP address of the primary DNS server. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_dns-secondary"></a> [dns-secondary](#input\_dns-secondary) | The IP address of the secondary DNS server. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_force_destroy"></a> [force\_destroy](#input\_force\_destroy) | Set to false to prevent Terraform from destroying a bucket with unknown objects or locked objects. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_global_tags"></a> [global\_tags](#input\_global\_tags) | Map of arbitrary tags to apply to all resources. | `map(any)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_hostname"></a> [hostname](#input\_hostname) | The hostname of the VM-series instance. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_instance_profile_name"></a> [iam\_instance\_profile\_name](#input\_iam\_instance\_profile\_name) | Name of the instance profile to create. If empty, name will be auto-generated. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_iam_role_name"></a> [iam\_role\_name](#input\_iam\_role\_name) | Name of a IAM role to reuse or create (depending on `create_iam_role_policy` value). | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_op-command-modes"></a> [op-command-modes](#input\_op-command-modes) | Set jumbo-frame and/or mgmt-interface-swap. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_panorama-server"></a> [panorama-server](#input\_panorama-server) | The FQDN or IP address of the primary Panorama server. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_panorama-server2"></a> [panorama-server2](#input\_panorama-server2) | The FQDN or IP address of the secondary Panorama server. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_plugin-op-commands"></a> [plugin-op-commands](#input\_plugin-op-commands) | Set plugin-op-commands. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_prefix"></a> [prefix](#input\_prefix) | The prefix to use for bucket name, IAM role name, and IAM role policy name. It is allowed to use dash "-" as the last character. | `string` | `"bootstrap-"` | no |
| <a name="input_source_root_directory"></a> [source\_root\_directory](#input\_source\_root\_directory) | The source directory to become the bucket's root directory. If empty uses `files` subdirectory of a Terraform configuration root directory. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_tplname"></a> [tplname](#input\_tplname) | The Panorama template stack name. | `string` | `""` | no |
| <a name="input_vm-auth-key"></a> [vm-auth-key](#input\_vm-auth-key) | Virtual machine authentication key. | `string` | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_bucket_domain_name"></a> [bucket\_domain\_name](#output\_bucket\_domain\_name) | Global domain name of the bucket. |
| <a name="output_bucket_id"></a> [bucket\_id](#output\_bucket\_id) | AWS identifier of the bucket. |
| <a name="output_bucket_name"></a> [bucket\_name](#output\_bucket\_name) | Name of the bucket. |
| <a name="output_bucket_regional_domain_name"></a> [bucket\_regional\_domain\_name](#output\_bucket\_regional\_domain\_name) | Regional domain name of the bucket. |
| <a name="output_iam_role_arn"></a> [iam\_role\_arn](#output\_iam\_role\_arn) | ARN of created or used IAM role |
| <a name="output_iam_role_name"></a> [iam\_role\_name](#output\_iam\_role\_name) | Name of created or used IAM role |
| <a name="output_instance_profile_name"></a> [instance\_profile\_name](#output\_instance\_profile\_name) | Name of created IAM instance profile. |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

## References
* [VM-Series Firewall Bootstrap Workflow](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-0/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/vm-series-firewall-bootstrap-workflow.html#id59fe5979-c29d-42aa-8e72-14a2c12855f6)
* [Bootstrap the VM-Series Firewall on AWS](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-0/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall-in-aws.html)
* [Prepare the Bootstrap Package](https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/10-0/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/prepare-the-bootstrap-package.html#id5575318c-1de8-497a-960a-1d7417feefa6)
