modules/subnet_set/README.md, before:

# Palo Alto Networks Subnet-Set Module for AWS

A Terraform module for deploying a subnet-set in AWS cloud. The "set" means that the module will create an identical/similar subnet in each specified Availability Zone.

## Usage

```hcl
module "vpc" {
  source = "../../modules/vpc"

  name                    = var.name
  cidr_block              = var.vpc_cidr_block
  secondary_cidr_blocks   = var.vpc_secondary_cidr_blocks
  create_internet_gateway = true
  global_tags             = var.global_tags
  vpc_tags                = var.vpc_tags
  security_groups         = var.security_groups
}

module "subnet_sets" {
  source   = "../../modules/subnet_set"

  for_each = toset(distinct([for _, v in var.subnets : v.set]))
  
  name   = each.key
  cidrs  = { for k, v in var.subnets : k => v if v.set == each.key }
  vpc_id = module.vpc.id
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.15.0, < 2.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.25 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 4.25 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_route_table.shared](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table) | resource |
| [aws_route_table.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [aws_route_table.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/route_table) | data source |
| [aws_subnet.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cidrs"></a> [cidrs](#input\_cidrs) | n/a | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create_shared_route_table"></a> [create\_shared\_route\_table](#input\_create\_shared\_route\_table) | n/a | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_global_tags"></a> [global\_tags](#input\_global\_tags) | n/a | `map` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_has_secondary_cidrs"></a> [has\_secondary\_cidrs](#input\_has\_secondary\_cidrs) | The input that depends on the secondary CIDR ranges of the VPC `vpc_id`. The actual value (true or false) is ignored, the input is used only to delay subnet creation until the secondary CIDR ranges are processed by Terraform. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_map_public_ip_on_launch"></a> [map\_public\_ip\_on\_launch](#input\_map\_public\_ip\_on\_launch) | n/a | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | n/a | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_propagating_vgws"></a> [propagating\_vgws](#input\_propagating\_vgws) | See the [provider's documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table). | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | n/a | `any` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_availability_zones"></a> [availability\_zones](#output\_availability\_zones) | n/a |
| <a name="output_route_tables"></a> [route\_tables](#output\_route\_tables) | n/a |
| <a name="output_subnet_names"></a> [subnet\_names](#output\_subnet\_names) | n/a |
| <a name="output_subnets"></a> [subnets](#output\_subnets) | n/a |
| <a name="output_unique_route_table_ids"></a> [unique\_route\_table\_ids](#output\_unique\_route\_table\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#output\_vpc\_id) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

docs(modules/subnet_set): Updated variable descriptions

modules/subnet_set/README.md, after:

# Palo Alto Networks Subnet-Set Module for AWS

A Terraform module for deploying a subnet-set in AWS cloud. The "set" means that the module will create an identical/similar subnet in each specified Availability Zone.

## Usage

```hcl
module "vpc" {
  source = "../../modules/vpc"

  name                    = var.name
  cidr_block              = var.vpc_cidr_block
  secondary_cidr_blocks   = var.vpc_secondary_cidr_blocks
  create_internet_gateway = true
  global_tags             = var.global_tags
  vpc_tags                = var.vpc_tags
  security_groups         = var.security_groups
}

module "subnet_sets" {
  source   = "../../modules/subnet_set"

  for_each = toset(distinct([for _, v in var.subnets : v.set]))
  
  name   = each.key
  cidrs  = { for k, v in var.subnets : k => v if v.set == each.key }
  vpc_id = module.vpc.id
}
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 0.15.0, < 2.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 4.25 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 4.25 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_route_table.shared](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table) | resource |
| [aws_route_table.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table) | resource |
| [aws_route_table_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table_association) | resource |
| [aws_subnet.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/subnet) | resource |
| [aws_route_table.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/route_table) | data source |
| [aws_subnet.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/subnet) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cidrs"></a> [cidrs](#input\_cidrs) | Map describing configuration of subnets and route tables to create and/or use in the set.<br>Keys are CIDR blocks, values can consist of following items:<br>- `create_subnet`           - (Optional\|bool) When `true` (default), subnet is created, otherwise existing one is used.<br>- `create_route_table`      - (Optional\|bool) When `true`  a dedicated route table is created, unless existing subnet is used.<br>- `associate_route_table`   - (Optional\|bool) Unless set to `false`, route table is associated with the subnet.<br>- `existing_route_table_id` - (Optional\|string) Id of an existing route table to associate with the subnet.<br>- `name`                    - (Optional\|string) Name (tag) of a subnet and, optionally a route table, to create or use. Defaults to set name appended with zone letter id.<br>- `route_table_name`        - (Optional\|string) Name (tag) of a subnet and, optionally a route table, to create or use.  Defaults to `name` value.<br>- `local_tags`              - (Optional\|map) Map of tags to assign to created resources. | `map(any)` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create_shared_route_table"></a> [create\_shared\_route\_table](#input\_create\_shared\_route\_table) | Boolean flag whether to create a shared route tables. | `bool` | `false` | no |
| <a name="input_global_tags"></a> [global\_tags](#input\_global\_tags) | Optional map of arbitrary tags to apply to all the created resources. | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_has_secondary_cidrs"></a> [has\_secondary\_cidrs](#input\_has\_secondary\_cidrs) | The input that depends on the secondary CIDR ranges of the VPC `vpc_id`. The actual value (true or false) is ignored, the input is used only to delay subnet creation until the secondary CIDR ranges are processed by Terraform. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_map_public_ip_on_launch"></a> [map\_public\_ip\_on\_launch](#input\_map\_public\_ip\_on\_launch) | See the [provider's documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/subnet#map_public_ip_on_launch). | `bool` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Subnet set name, used to construct default subnet names. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_propagating_vgws"></a> [propagating\_vgws](#input\_propagating\_vgws) | See the [provider's documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/route_table). | `list(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#input\_vpc\_id) | Id of the VPC to create resource in. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_availability_zones"></a> [availability\_zones](#output\_availability\_zones) | n/a |
| <a name="output_route_tables"></a> [route\_tables](#output\_route\_tables) | n/a |
| <a name="output_subnet_names"></a> [subnet\_names](#output\_subnet\_names) | n/a |
| <a name="output_subnets"></a> [subnets](#output\_subnets) | n/a |
| <a name="output_unique_route_table_ids"></a> [unique\_route\_table\_ids](#output\_unique\_route\_table\_ids) | n/a |
| <a name="output_vpc_id"></a> [vpc\_id](#output\_vpc\_id) | n/a |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
