modules/transit_gateway/README.md, before:

# Transit Gateway module for VM-Series

A Terraform module for deploying AWS Transit Gateways. The module does not use default route tables by design - specify all the route
tables explicitly through respective input variables.

>A transit gateway is a network transit hub that you can use to interconnect your virtual private clouds (VPCs) and on-premises networks. As your cloud infrastructure expands globally, inter-Region peering connects transit gateways together using the AWS Global Infrastructure.

## Usage

For example usage, please refer to the [examples](https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-aws-vmseries-modules/tree/main/examples) directory.

## Reference
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
### Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0, < 2.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 5.17 |

### Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 5.17 |

### Modules

No modules.

### Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_ec2_transit_gateway.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ec2_transit_gateway) | resource |
| [aws_ec2_transit_gateway_route_table.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ec2_transit_gateway_route_table) | resource |
| [aws_ram_principal_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ram_principal_association) | resource |
| [aws_ram_resource_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ram_resource_association) | resource |
| [aws_ram_resource_share.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ram_resource_share) | resource |
| [aws_ec2_transit_gateway.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ec2_transit_gateway) | data source |
| [aws_ec2_transit_gateway_route_table.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ec2_transit_gateway_route_table) | data source |

### Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_asn"></a> [asn](#input\_asn) | BGP Autonomous System Number of the AWS Transit Gateway. | `number` | `65200` | no |
| <a name="input_auto_accept_shared_attachments"></a> [auto\_accept\_shared\_attachments](#input\_auto\_accept\_shared\_attachments) | See the [provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ec2_transit_gateway). | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Trigger module mode between creating a new TGW or retrieving an existing one. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_dns_support"></a> [dns\_support](#input\_dns\_support) | See the [provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ec2_transit_gateway). | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_id"></a> [id](#input\_id) | ID of an existing Transit Gateway. Used in conjunction with `create = false`. When set, takes precedence over `var.name`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name tag for the Transit Gateway and associated resources. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_ram_resource_share_name"></a> [ram\_resource\_share\_name](#input\_ram\_resource\_share\_name) | n/a | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_route_tables"></a> [route\_tables](#input\_route\_tables) | n/a | `map` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_shared_principals"></a> [shared\_principals](#input\_shared\_principals) | n/a | `map` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Optional Map of arbitrary tags to apply to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_vpn_ecmp_support"></a> [vpn\_ecmp\_support](#input\_vpn\_ecmp\_support) | See the [provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ec2_transit_gateway). | `string` | `null` | no |

### Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | Transit Gateway Name tag. |
| <a name="output_route_tables"></a> [route\_tables](#output\_route\_tables) | Transit Gateway's route tables. |
| <a name="output_transit_gateway"></a> [transit\_gateway](#output\_transit\_gateway) | The entire object `aws_ec2_transit_gateway`. |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->

Commit message:

feat(module/transit_gateway): add TGW cidr blocks (#417)

modules/transit_gateway/README.md, after:

# Transit Gateway module for VM-Series

A Terraform module for deploying AWS Transit Gateways. The module does not use default route tables by design - specify all the route
tables explicitly through respective input variables.

>A transit gateway is a network transit hub that you can use to interconnect your virtual private clouds (VPCs) and on-premises networks. As your cloud infrastructure expands globally, inter-Region peering connects transit gateways together using the AWS Global Infrastructure.

## Usage

For example usage, please refer to the [examples](https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/terraform-aws-vmseries-modules/tree/main/examples) directory.

## Reference
<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
### Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.0.0, < 2.0.0 |
| <a name="requirement_aws"></a> [aws](#requirement\_aws) | ~> 5.17 |

### Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_aws"></a> [aws](#provider\_aws) | ~> 5.17 |

### Modules

No modules.

### Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [aws_ec2_transit_gateway.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ec2_transit_gateway) | resource |
| [aws_ec2_transit_gateway_route_table.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ec2_transit_gateway_route_table) | resource |
| [aws_ram_principal_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ram_principal_association) | resource |
| [aws_ram_resource_association.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ram_resource_association) | resource |
| [aws_ram_resource_share.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ram_resource_share) | resource |
| [aws_ec2_transit_gateway.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ec2_transit_gateway) | data source |
| [aws_ec2_transit_gateway_route_table.this](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/data-sources/ec2_transit_gateway_route_table) | data source |

### Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_asn"></a> [asn](#input\_asn) | BGP Autonomous System Number of the AWS Transit Gateway. | `number` | `65200` | no |
| <a name="input_auto_accept_shared_attachments"></a> [auto\_accept\_shared\_attachments](#input\_auto\_accept\_shared\_attachments) | See the [provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ec2_transit_gateway). | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_create"></a> [create](#input\_create) | Trigger module mode between creating a new TGW or retrieving an existing one. | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_dns_support"></a> [dns\_support](#input\_dns\_support) | See the [provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ec2_transit_gateway). | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_id"></a> [id](#input\_id) | ID of an existing Transit Gateway. Used in conjunction with `create = false`. When set, takes precedence over `var.name`. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_name"></a> [name](#input\_name) | Name tag for the Transit Gateway and associated resources. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_ram_resource_share_name"></a> [ram\_resource\_share\_name](#input\_ram\_resource\_share\_name) | n/a | `any` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_route_tables"></a> [route\_tables](#input\_route\_tables) | n/a | `map` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_shared_principals"></a> [shared\_principals](#input\_shared\_principals) | n/a | `map` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_tags"></a> [tags](#input\_tags) | Optional Map of arbitrary tags to apply to all resources | `map(string)` | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_transit_gateway_cidr_blocks"></a> [transit\_gateway\_cidr\_blocks](#input\_transit\_gateway\_cidr\_blocks) | One or more IPv4 or IPv6 CIDR blocks for the transit gateway. Must be a size /24 CIDR block or larger for IPv4, or a size /64 CIDR block or larger for IPv6. | `set(string)` | `[]` | no |
| <a name="input_vpn_ecmp_support"></a> [vpn\_ecmp\_support](#input\_vpn\_ecmp\_support) | See the [provider documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs/resources/ec2_transit_gateway). | `string` | `null` | no |

### Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_name"></a> [name](#output\_name) | Transit Gateway Name tag. |
| <a name="output_route_tables"></a> [route\_tables](#output\_route\_tables) | Transit Gateway's route tables. |
| <a name="output_transit_gateway"></a> [transit\_gateway](#output\_transit\_gateway) | The entire object `aws_ec2_transit_gateway`. |
<!-- END OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
